academic academic
accept accepted
acceptance acceptance
access access
accord according
accordance accordance
account account
active active
addition addition
address address
age age aging
aim aim
already already
although although
among among
analysis analyses analysis
annual annual
apply applied
article article
assessment assessment
associate associated
attribution attribution
author author
available available
average average
become becoming
behavioral behavioral
capacity capacity
care care
case case
century century
chief chief
chronic chronic
citation citation
claim claim
clear clear
coefficient coefficient
comply comply
condition condition
connect connect
contact contact
content content
copyright copyright
correlation correlation
correspondence correspondence
course course
creative creative
datum data
demonstrate demonstrate
dependent dependent
determine determined
diagnostic diagnostic
disclaimer disclaimer
distribute distributed
distribution distribution
do dont
editorial editorial
education education
emergency emergency
endorse endorsed
enter enter
environment environment
epidemiology epidemiology
excellent excellent
explore explore
express expressed
feel feeling
field field
final final
find find
follow follow
front front
functional functional
genetic genetic
good good
great great greater
group group
health health
healthy healthy
help help
home home
illness illness
impact impact
importance importance
independent independent
inpatient inpatient
integrity integrity
introduction introduction
learn learn
level level
license license
life life
limit limit
login login
main main
maintain maintain
make made
manufacturer manufacturer
many many
may may
medical medical
medium media
mental mental
minimum minimum
mission mission
multiple multiple
necessarily necessarily
negative negative
notify notify
nursing nursing
office office
one one
original original
part part
patient patient
people people
period period
permit permitted
planet planet
please please
policy policy
practice practice
prevention prevention
privacy privacy
prize prize
product product
professionally professionally
progress progress
protection protection
provide provided
provisionally provisionally
public public
publication publication
publish publish
publisher publisher
qualify qualify
quality quality
questionnaire questionnaire
rate rate
receive receive received
reduce reduce
register register registered
relationship relationship
report report
represent represent
reproduction reproduction
research research
reserve reserved
safeguard safeguard
safety safety
satisfaction satisfaction
scale scale
scope scope
score score
search search
select select
share share
short short
significance significance
significant significant
skip skip
social social
socially socially
solely solely
soon soon
staff staff
standardize standardized
state state
statistical statistical
statistically statistically
strength strength
study study
subjective subjective
submit submit
survey survey
team team
technique technique
test test
third third
time time
tool tool
topic topic
total total
traffic traffic
treatment treatment
turn turn turned
unable unable
university university
unwilling unwilling
use use used
various various
version version
view view
voivodeship voivodeship
volume volume
weak weak
whether whether
work work
young young
